README.md, before:

# 😆 100 Days of GPTs ✨

![100 Days of GPTs](./assets/2024-03-18-100.webp)

I'm creating 100 unique GPTs in 100 days. Each has a profile pic, name, and description. 58 are done.

Each GPT has a chat link and a link to learn more. I want to advance AI and promote open-source.

Join me on this 100-day GPT journey. Let's push boundaries together.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [GPTs](#gpts) 
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

To use these GPTs, just click their names in the table below. That'll open them up in ChatGPT. Or if you want, you can copy and paste the instructions straight into ChatGPT or whatever AI model you like using. Mess around with them and see what cool, creative stuff you can whip up!

## GPTs

| Day  | Profile⠀Picture                                              | Name                                                         | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 58   | <img src="./assets/58/Action-Hello.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Action Hello](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-mADDLKFtx-action-hello) | [I am an open-source GPT that demonstrates how to integrate a basic "Hello World" API using GPT Actions.](./Day-58-Action-Hello.md) |
| 57   | <img src="./assets/57/OAuth-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [OAuth Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-besj56srt-oauth-craft) | [I'm your comprehensive resource for in-depth guidance, security best practices, and custom diagrams. Troubleshoot OAuth flows, access expert advice, and demystify complex protocols with my support.](./Day-57-OAuth-Craft.md) |
| 56   | <img src="./assets/56/Action-Showcase.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Action Showcase](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-WudCtx7BD-action-showcase) | [I am your gateway to exploring API integration with GPTs. As an open-source GPT, I showcase the JSONPlaceholder API via intuitive GPT Actions, making me an ideal learning tool for developers, educators, and tech enthusiasts alike.](./Day-56-Action-Showcase.md) |
| 55   | <img src="./assets/55/Punk-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Punk Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LWqDlGsVT-punk-prompter) | [I've got your back with some seriously badass punk-inspired prompts for DALL-E and Midjourney. It's not about making dope stuff - it's about revolutionizing your artistic game. Are you ready to shake things up and challenge the status quo? Let's frickin' do this!](./Day-55-Punk-Prompter.md) |
| 54   | <img src="./assets/54/Journey-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Journey Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vhniDCX40-journey-prompter) | [I'll craft killer Midjourney prompts that'll bring your artistic dreams to life. Whether you're an artist, designer, or just a creative soul looking for inspiration, I'll connect your imagination with Midjourney's endless possibilities. So, what are you waiting for? Let's get started on your creative journey!](./Day-54-Journey-Prompter.md) |
| 53   | <img src="./assets/53/Muse-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Muse Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LcNsOPB0s-muse-prompter) | [Let's team up and celebrate the captivating beauty and spirit of women in the most stunning way. Crafting mesmerizing DALL-E and Midjourney prompts has never been easier!](./Day-53-Muse-Prompter.md) |
| 52   | <img src="./assets/52/App-Mirror.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [App Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-U70FhguWl-app-mirror) | [Revolutionizing your app design process, I focus on critical design elements—layout, color schemes, visual hierarchy, typography, and more—to not only meet but exceed the master.](./Day-52-App-Mirror.md) |
| 51   | <img src="./assets/51/Canvas-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Canvas Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-huEdJD7qQ-canvas-muse) | [I am your muse for creating imaginative and creative oil paintings that go beyond the ordinary. Unleash your artistic potential.](./Day-51-Canvas-Muse.md) |
| 50   | <img src="./assets/50/Chrome-Craft-AHK.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chrome Craft AHK](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-W3mluGWZJ-chrome-craft-ahk) | [Become a Chrome automation expert with me. Master AHK scripting, Chrome DevTools, and JavaScript to enhance productivity and automate dynamic web applications.](./Day-50-Chrome-Craft-AHK.md) |
| 49   | <img src="./assets/49/Crypto-Wallet-Seek.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Crypto Wallet Seek](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-YmqrkErIu-crypto-wallet-seek) | [I'm your guide to finding the best cryptocurrency wallets. Get personalized recommendations, from Bitcoin to Æternity, and expert insights into secure crypto storage, wallet comparisons, and reviews.](./Day-49-Crypto-Wallet-Seek.md) |
| 48   | <img src="./assets/48/GPT-SEO-Booster.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [GPT SEO Booster](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-IMgqWS1hO-gpt-seo-booster) | [Boost your GPT in OpenAI's GPT Store. I refine names and descriptions, attracting your audience. With strategic keywords and SEO, your GPT gains visibility.](./Day-48-GPT-SEO-Booster.md) |
| 47   | <img src="./assets/47/Claude-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Claude Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-MbQ904fcC-claude-craft) | [I'm a master of Claude 3 API.](./Day-47-Claude-Craft.md)    |
| 46   | <img src="./assets/46/Claude-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Claude Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-l1Rvr65eS-claude-prompter) | [Craft Claude 3 prompts like a pro with me.](./Day-46-Claude-Prompter.md) |
| 45   | <img src="./assets/45/Chrome-Craft-730.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chrome Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-oHBSuqli9-chrome-craft) | [Build Chrome extensions, effortlessly.](./Day-45-Chrome-Craft.md) |
| 44   | <img src="./assets/44/WP-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [WP Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-xCg3HtXKq-wp-craft)   | [Craft WordPress solutions with my API expertise.](./Day-44-WP-Craft.md) |
| 43   | <img src="./assets/43/X-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [X Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-w6bCfQu3L-x-craft)     | [Your Twitter API wizard.](./Day-43-X-Craft.md)              |
| 42   | <img src="./assets/42/Linux-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Linux Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-dOJDykWbc-linux-craft) | [I'm here to simplify your Linux system administration.](./Day-42-Linux-Craft.md) |
| 41   | <img src="./assets/41/Perplex-Prompter-850.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Perplex Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-CWxGaVsCu-perplex-prompter) | [Learning prompt engineering via exploration of Perplexity AI's system prompts.](./Day-41-Perplex-Prompter.md) |
| 40   | <img src="./assets/40/Obsidian-Craft.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Obsidian Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-oI7puVAnk-obsidian-craft) | [Together, we create Obsidian plugins.](./Day-40-Obsidian-Craft.md) |
| 39   | <img src="./assets/39/Abstract-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Abstract Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-qynsGRILH-abstract-muse) | [I visualize your concepts as abstract art.](./Day-39-Abstract-Muse.md) |
| 38   | <img src="./assets/38/guohua-j.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [国画家](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LOUaoilfz-guo-hua-jia)  | [以字带画，国韵生辉。](./Day-38-国画家.md)                   |
| 37   | <img src="./assets/37/rbnhj.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [日本の画家](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-lIPVI8NnV-ri-ben-nohua-jia) | [言葉と画像を日本の芸術傑作に変える。](./Day-37-日本の画家.md) |
| 36   | <img src="./assets/36/Japanese-Muse.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Japanese Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-eEXxdTCfK-japanese-muse) | [Words and images reborn as Japanese art.](./Day-36-Japanese-Muse.md) |
| 35   | <img src="./assets/35/Chinese-Muse-226.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chinese Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-UdsABGP1R-chinese-muse) | [Chinese watercolor paintings from your ideas.](./Day-35-Chinese-Muse.md) |
| 34   | <img src="./assets/34/Web-Mirror-313.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Web Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-yZaGe2ztM-web-mirror) | [I turn boring pages into visual stunners. Just upload screenshots and watch me work my magic, giving you a modern design that'll impress. Web design has never been quicker or easier.](./Day-34-Web-Mirror.md) |
| 33   | <img src="./assets/33/Winter-Woofs.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Winter Woofs](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-DhZs1kJqz-dog-winter-accessory) | [Your dog's photo becomes their next winter accessories.](./Day-33-Winter-Woofs.md) |
| 32   | <img src="./assets/32/Dog-Winter-Coat.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Dog Winter Coat](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-DhZs1kJqz-dog-winter-coat) | [I design winter coats for dogs from your photos.](./Day-32-Dog-Winter-Coat.md) |
| 31   | <img src="./assets/31/Poem-Petal.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Poem Petal](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-NI8gn1RdR-poem-petal) | [Words flow, images bloom, haikus emerge, poems assume.](./Day-31-Poem-Petal.md) |
| 30   | <img src="./assets/30/Dog-Mirror.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Dog Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-ryQel4j2b-dog-mirror) | [Send a dog photo, and I'll replicate the dog.](./Day-30-Dog-Mirror.md) |
| 29   | <img src="./assets/29/Root-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Root Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-HxqBDM3g8-root-muse) | [Craft your theme into root carving art.](./Day-29-Root-Muse.md) |
| 28   | <img src="./assets/28/Paper-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Paper Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-5TstWxYmr-paper-muse) | [Paper art creator from your prompts.](./Day-96-Paper-Muse.md) |
| 27   | <img src="./assets/27/Sketch-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Sketch Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-gddEUa1Km-sketch-muse) | [Quick sketches from your imagination.](./Day-27-Sketch-Muse.md) |
| 26   | <img src="./assets/26/Pixel-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Pixel Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-9uQfSQyZ0-pixel-muse) | [Pixel art magic from your ideas.](./Day-26-Pixel-Muse.md)   |
| 25   | <img src="./assets/25/Privacy-Policy-Action.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Privacy Policy Action](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-HtEZpmJbv-privacy-policy-action) | [I craft privacy policies for GPT actions.](./Day-25-Privacy-Policy-Action.md) |
| 24   | <img src="./assets/24/Niji_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Niji Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-B6qfl4z3g-niji-muse) | [Let me transform your ideas into vibrant, anime art.](./Day-24-Niji-Muse.md) |
| 23   | <img src="./assets/23/174_Calculator.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [174 Calculator](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-APh4LKTIS-174-calculator) | [Simplifying your Section 174 R&D tax calculations.](./Day-23-174-Calculator.md) |
| 22   | <img src="./assets/22/174_Insight.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [174 Insight](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-5r9OARUQO-174-insight) | [Your ally in understanding Section 174.](./Day-22-174-Insight.md) |
| 21   | <img src="./assets/21/English_French.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to French](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-hFN8mIcfK-english-to-french) | [Your bridge from English to French.](./Day-21-English-French.md) |
| 20   | <img src="./assets/20/English_Egypt.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Arabic](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-cwaMRx0RM-english-to-arabic) | [English content, authentically Arabic.](./Day-20-English-Arabic.md) |
| 19   | <img src="./assets/19/English_Portuguese.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Portuguese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-KTVPTbpqC-english-to-portuguese) | [Give me English, receive perfect Portuguese.](./Day-19-English-Portuguese.md) |
| 18   | <img src="./assets/18/English_Spanish.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Spanish](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-wxmLV3NmE-english-to-spanish) | [Your go-to for English to Spanish translations.](./Day-18-English-Spanish.md) |
| 17   | <img src="./assets/17/English_Japanese_0206.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Japanese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-BCzFXQAPG-english-to-japanese) | [Your go-to for English to Japanese translations.](./Day-17-English-Japanese.md) |
| 16   | <img src="./assets/16/Chinese_English.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chinese to English](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-AaLYIgQ9M-chinese-to-english) | [From Chinese to English, seamlessly.](./Day-16-Chinese-English.md) |
| 15   | <img src="./assets/15/SEO_Hemingway.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [SEO Hemingway](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-yrwPCxakn-seo-hemingway) | [SEO writing, Hemingway style.](./Day-15-SEO-Hemingway.md)   |
| 14   | <img src="./assets/14/English_Chinese.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Chinese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vPweBqr9A-english-to-chinese) | [Translate English to Chinese seamlessly.](./Day-14-English-Chinese.md) |
| 13   | <img src="./assets/13/Pix_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Pix Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-aq8WB6Yvz-pix-muse)   | [Your ideas, trending styles, one unique image.](./Day-13-Pix-Muse.md) |
| 12   | <img src="./assets/12/Mirror_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Mirror Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-VpMCxx3yX-mirror-muse) | [Upload. Describe. Create. Art reimagined.](./Day-12-Mirror-Muse.md) |
| 11   | <img src="./assets/11/Title_Tailor.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Title Tailor](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-VSKrlHL4A-title-tailor) | [Fitting your content with the ideal title.](./Day-11-Title-Tailor.md) |
| 10   | <img src="./assets/10/Auto_Categorist.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Auto Categorist](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-1RYgEMYnu-auto-categorist) | [I sort GPTs into their ideal categories.](./Day-10-Auto-Categorist.md) |
| 9    | <img src="./assets/9/Convo_Starter_Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Convo Starter Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vZzejC1Le-convo-starter-craft) | [Transforming your ideas into engaging conversation starters.](./Day-9-Convo-Starter-Craft.md) |
| 8    | <img src="./assets/8/Profile_Pixie_0129.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Profile Pixie](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-KQYn0ixBO-profile-pixie) | [Where every profile picture or logo tells your story.](./Day-8-Profile-Pixie.md) |
| 7    | <img src="./assets/7/DescriptionGPT.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [DescriptionGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-Fr8MyyfAO-descriptiongpt) | [I craft concise descriptions for your GPTs.](./Day-7-DescriptionGPT.md) |
| 6    | <img src="./assets/6/NameGPT_0131.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [NameGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-e9wfbGudp-namegpt) *remastered* | [I suggest creative GPT names.](./Day-6-NameGPT.md)          |
| 5    | <img src="./assets/5/EmojiGPT_204.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [EmojiGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-rQfK252Z1-emojigpt)   | [Your text, my emojis, and a dash of humor!](./Day-5-EmojiGPT.md) |
| 4    | <img src="./assets/4/GlobalRankings.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Global Rankings](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-Far90gjfq-global-rankings) | [Ranks websites globally](./Day-4-Global-Rankings.md)        |
| 3    | <img src="./assets/3/Synonym-Suggester-0301.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Synonym Suggester](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-xC0y77yRg-synonym-suggester) | [I find the perfect synonym for any word!](./Day-3-Synonym-Suggester.md) |
| 2    | <img src="./assets/2/AntonymGPT_0130.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [AntonymGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-NyfhqK9Ar-antonymgpt) | [Ask me for antonyms, expect a witty reply!](./Day-2-AntonymGPT.md) |
| 1    | <img src="./assets/1/AbbreviationGPT_312.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [AbbreviationGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-rtsSizas5-abbreviationgpt) | [I decipher and create abbreviations. I use a friendly tone and humor. Emojis add fun. Perfect for students, professionals, the curious.](./Day-1-AbbreviationGPT.md) |

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

improvement: Update the profile picture, description of 'Action Geo'

README.md, after:

# 😆 100 Days of GPTs ✨

![100 Days of GPTs](./assets/2024-03-18-100.webp)

I'm creating 100 unique GPTs in 100 days. Each has a profile pic, name, and description. 59 are done.

Each GPT has a chat link and a link to learn more. I want to advance AI and promote open-source.

Join me on this 100-day GPT journey. Let's push boundaries together.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [GPTs](#gpts) 
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

To use these GPTs, just click their names in the table below. That'll open them up in ChatGPT. Or if you want, you can copy and paste the instructions straight into ChatGPT or whatever AI model you like using. Mess around with them and see what cool, creative stuff you can whip up!

## GPTs

| Day  | Profile⠀Picture                                              | Name                                                         | Description                                                  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 59   | <img src="./assets/59/Action-Geo-320.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Action Geo](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-FqLVjO8MX-action-geo) | [I've got your geocoding covered. Just enter any address and get the exact GPS coordinates, or drop a location point and I'll tell you the address.](./Day-59-Action-Geo.md) |
| 58   | <img src="./assets/58/Action-Hello.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Action Hello](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-mADDLKFtx-action-hello) | [I am an open-source GPT that demonstrates how to integrate a basic "Hello World" API using GPT Actions.](./Day-58-Action-Hello.md) |
| 57   | <img src="./assets/57/OAuth-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [OAuth Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-besj56srt-oauth-craft) | [I'm your comprehensive resource for in-depth guidance, security best practices, and custom diagrams. Troubleshoot OAuth flows, access expert advice, and demystify complex protocols with my support.](./Day-57-OAuth-Craft.md) |
| 56   | <img src="./assets/56/Action-Showcase.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Action Showcase](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-WudCtx7BD-action-showcase) | [I am your gateway to exploring API integration with GPTs. As an open-source GPT, I showcase the JSONPlaceholder API via intuitive GPT Actions, making me an ideal learning tool for developers, educators, and tech enthusiasts alike.](./Day-56-Action-Showcase.md) |
| 55   | <img src="./assets/55/Punk-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Punk Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LWqDlGsVT-punk-prompter) | [I've got your back with some seriously badass punk-inspired prompts for DALL-E and Midjourney. It's not about making dope stuff - it's about revolutionizing your artistic game. Are you ready to shake things up and challenge the status quo? Let's frickin' do this!](./Day-55-Punk-Prompter.md) |
| 54   | <img src="./assets/54/Journey-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Journey Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vhniDCX40-journey-prompter) | [I'll craft killer Midjourney prompts that'll bring your artistic dreams to life. Whether you're an artist, designer, or just a creative soul looking for inspiration, I'll connect your imagination with Midjourney's endless possibilities. So, what are you waiting for? Let's get started on your creative journey!](./Day-54-Journey-Prompter.md) |
| 53   | <img src="./assets/53/Muse-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Muse Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LcNsOPB0s-muse-prompter) | [Let's team up and celebrate the captivating beauty and spirit of women in the most stunning way. Crafting mesmerizing DALL-E and Midjourney prompts has never been easier!](./Day-53-Muse-Prompter.md) |
| 52   | <img src="./assets/52/App-Mirror.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [App Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-U70FhguWl-app-mirror) | [Revolutionizing your app design process, I focus on critical design elements—layout, color schemes, visual hierarchy, typography, and more—to not only meet but exceed the master.](./Day-52-App-Mirror.md) |
| 51   | <img src="./assets/51/Canvas-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Canvas Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-huEdJD7qQ-canvas-muse) | [I am your muse for creating imaginative and creative oil paintings that go beyond the ordinary. Unleash your artistic potential.](./Day-51-Canvas-Muse.md) |
| 50   | <img src="./assets/50/Chrome-Craft-AHK.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chrome Craft AHK](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-W3mluGWZJ-chrome-craft-ahk) | [Become a Chrome automation expert with me. Master AHK scripting, Chrome DevTools, and JavaScript to enhance productivity and automate dynamic web applications.](./Day-50-Chrome-Craft-AHK.md) |
| 49   | <img src="./assets/49/Crypto-Wallet-Seek.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Crypto Wallet Seek](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-YmqrkErIu-crypto-wallet-seek) | [I'm your guide to finding the best cryptocurrency wallets. Get personalized recommendations, from Bitcoin to Æternity, and expert insights into secure crypto storage, wallet comparisons, and reviews.](./Day-49-Crypto-Wallet-Seek.md) |
| 48   | <img src="./assets/48/GPT-SEO-Booster.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [GPT SEO Booster](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-IMgqWS1hO-gpt-seo-booster) | [Boost your GPT in OpenAI's GPT Store. I refine names and descriptions, attracting your audience. With strategic keywords and SEO, your GPT gains visibility.](./Day-48-GPT-SEO-Booster.md) |
| 47   | <img src="./assets/47/Claude-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Claude Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-MbQ904fcC-claude-craft) | [I'm a master of Claude 3 API.](./Day-47-Claude-Craft.md)    |
| 46   | <img src="./assets/46/Claude-Prompter.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Claude Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-l1Rvr65eS-claude-prompter) | [Craft Claude 3 prompts like a pro with me.](./Day-46-Claude-Prompter.md) |
| 45   | <img src="./assets/45/Chrome-Craft-730.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chrome Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-oHBSuqli9-chrome-craft) | [Build Chrome extensions, effortlessly.](./Day-45-Chrome-Craft.md) |
| 44   | <img src="./assets/44/WP-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [WP Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-xCg3HtXKq-wp-craft)   | [Craft WordPress solutions with my API expertise.](./Day-44-WP-Craft.md) |
| 43   | <img src="./assets/43/X-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [X Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-w6bCfQu3L-x-craft)     | [Your Twitter API wizard.](./Day-43-X-Craft.md)              |
| 42   | <img src="./assets/42/Linux-Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Linux Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-dOJDykWbc-linux-craft) | [I'm here to simplify your Linux system administration.](./Day-42-Linux-Craft.md) |
| 41   | <img src="./assets/41/Perplex-Prompter-850.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Perplex Prompter](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-CWxGaVsCu-perplex-prompter) | [Learning prompt engineering via exploration of Perplexity AI's system prompts.](./Day-41-Perplex-Prompter.md) |
| 40   | <img src="./assets/40/Obsidian-Craft.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Obsidian Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-oI7puVAnk-obsidian-craft) | [Together, we create Obsidian plugins.](./Day-40-Obsidian-Craft.md) |
| 39   | <img src="./assets/39/Abstract-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Abstract Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-qynsGRILH-abstract-muse) | [I visualize your concepts as abstract art.](./Day-39-Abstract-Muse.md) |
| 38   | <img src="./assets/38/guohua-j.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [国画家](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-LOUaoilfz-guo-hua-jia)  | [以字带画，国韵生辉。](./Day-38-国画家.md)                   |
| 37   | <img src="./assets/37/rbnhj.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [日本の画家](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-lIPVI8NnV-ri-ben-nohua-jia) | [言葉と画像を日本の芸術傑作に変える。](./Day-37-日本の画家.md) |
| 36   | <img src="./assets/36/Japanese-Muse.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Japanese Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-eEXxdTCfK-japanese-muse) | [Words and images reborn as Japanese art.](./Day-36-Japanese-Muse.md) |
| 35   | <img src="./assets/35/Chinese-Muse-226.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chinese Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-UdsABGP1R-chinese-muse) | [Chinese watercolor paintings from your ideas.](./Day-35-Chinese-Muse.md) |
| 34   | <img src="./assets/34/Web-Mirror-313.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Web Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-yZaGe2ztM-web-mirror) | [I turn boring pages into visual stunners. Just upload screenshots and watch me work my magic, giving you a modern design that'll impress. Web design has never been quicker or easier.](./Day-34-Web-Mirror.md) |
| 33   | <img src="./assets/33/Winter-Woofs.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Winter Woofs](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-DhZs1kJqz-dog-winter-accessory) | [Your dog's photo becomes their next winter accessories.](./Day-33-Winter-Woofs.md) |
| 32   | <img src="./assets/32/Dog-Winter-Coat.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Dog Winter Coat](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-DhZs1kJqz-dog-winter-coat) | [I design winter coats for dogs from your photos.](./Day-32-Dog-Winter-Coat.md) |
| 31   | <img src="./assets/31/Poem-Petal.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Poem Petal](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-NI8gn1RdR-poem-petal) | [Words flow, images bloom, haikus emerge, poems assume.](./Day-31-Poem-Petal.md) |
| 30   | <img src="./assets/30/Dog-Mirror.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Dog Mirror](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-ryQel4j2b-dog-mirror) | [Send a dog photo, and I'll replicate the dog.](./Day-30-Dog-Mirror.md) |
| 29   | <img src="./assets/29/Root-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Root Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-HxqBDM3g8-root-muse) | [Craft your theme into root carving art.](./Day-29-Root-Muse.md) |
| 28   | <img src="./assets/28/Paper-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Paper Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-5TstWxYmr-paper-muse) | [Paper art creator from your prompts.](./Day-96-Paper-Muse.md) |
| 27   | <img src="./assets/27/Sketch-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Sketch Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-gddEUa1Km-sketch-muse) | [Quick sketches from your imagination.](./Day-27-Sketch-Muse.md) |
| 26   | <img src="./assets/26/Pixel-Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Pixel Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-9uQfSQyZ0-pixel-muse) | [Pixel art magic from your ideas.](./Day-26-Pixel-Muse.md)   |
| 25   | <img src="./assets/25/Privacy-Policy-Action.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Privacy Policy Action](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-HtEZpmJbv-privacy-policy-action) | [I craft privacy policies for GPT actions.](./Day-25-Privacy-Policy-Action.md) |
| 24   | <img src="./assets/24/Niji_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Niji Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-B6qfl4z3g-niji-muse) | [Let me transform your ideas into vibrant, anime art.](./Day-24-Niji-Muse.md) |
| 23   | <img src="./assets/23/174_Calculator.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [174 Calculator](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-APh4LKTIS-174-calculator) | [Simplifying your Section 174 R&D tax calculations.](./Day-23-174-Calculator.md) |
| 22   | <img src="./assets/22/174_Insight.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [174 Insight](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-5r9OARUQO-174-insight) | [Your ally in understanding Section 174.](./Day-22-174-Insight.md) |
| 21   | <img src="./assets/21/English_French.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to French](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-hFN8mIcfK-english-to-french) | [Your bridge from English to French.](./Day-21-English-French.md) |
| 20   | <img src="./assets/20/English_Egypt.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Arabic](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-cwaMRx0RM-english-to-arabic) | [English content, authentically Arabic.](./Day-20-English-Arabic.md) |
| 19   | <img src="./assets/19/English_Portuguese.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Portuguese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-KTVPTbpqC-english-to-portuguese) | [Give me English, receive perfect Portuguese.](./Day-19-English-Portuguese.md) |
| 18   | <img src="./assets/18/English_Spanish.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Spanish](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-wxmLV3NmE-english-to-spanish) | [Your go-to for English to Spanish translations.](./Day-18-English-Spanish.md) |
| 17   | <img src="./assets/17/English_Japanese_0206.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Japanese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-BCzFXQAPG-english-to-japanese) | [Your go-to for English to Japanese translations.](./Day-17-English-Japanese.md) |
| 16   | <img src="./assets/16/Chinese_English.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Chinese to English](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-AaLYIgQ9M-chinese-to-english) | [From Chinese to English, seamlessly.](./Day-16-Chinese-English.md) |
| 15   | <img src="./assets/15/SEO_Hemingway.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [SEO Hemingway](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-yrwPCxakn-seo-hemingway) | [SEO writing, Hemingway style.](./Day-15-SEO-Hemingway.md)   |
| 14   | <img src="./assets/14/English_Chinese.webp" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [English to Chinese](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vPweBqr9A-english-to-chinese) | [Translate English to Chinese seamlessly.](./Day-14-English-Chinese.md) |
| 13   | <img src="./assets/13/Pix_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Pix Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-aq8WB6Yvz-pix-muse)   | [Your ideas, trending styles, one unique image.](./Day-13-Pix-Muse.md) |
| 12   | <img src="./assets/12/Mirror_Muse.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Mirror Muse](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-VpMCxx3yX-mirror-muse) | [Upload. Describe. Create. Art reimagined.](./Day-12-Mirror-Muse.md) |
| 11   | <img src="./assets/11/Title_Tailor.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Title Tailor](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-VSKrlHL4A-title-tailor) | [Fitting your content with the ideal title.](./Day-11-Title-Tailor.md) |
| 10   | <img src="./assets/10/Auto_Categorist.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Auto Categorist](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-1RYgEMYnu-auto-categorist) | [I sort GPTs into their ideal categories.](./Day-10-Auto-Categorist.md) |
| 9    | <img src="./assets/9/Convo_Starter_Craft.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Convo Starter Craft](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-vZzejC1Le-convo-starter-craft) | [Transforming your ideas into engaging conversation starters.](./Day-9-Convo-Starter-Craft.md) |
| 8    | <img src="./assets/8/Profile_Pixie_0129.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Profile Pixie](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-KQYn0ixBO-profile-pixie) | [Where every profile picture or logo tells your story.](./Day-8-Profile-Pixie.md) |
| 7    | <img src="./assets/7/DescriptionGPT.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [DescriptionGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-Fr8MyyfAO-descriptiongpt) | [I craft concise descriptions for your GPTs.](./Day-7-DescriptionGPT.md) |
| 6    | <img src="./assets/6/NameGPT_0131.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [NameGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-e9wfbGudp-namegpt) *remastered* | [I suggest creative GPT names.](./Day-6-NameGPT.md)          |
| 5    | <img src="./assets/5/EmojiGPT_204.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [EmojiGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-rQfK252Z1-emojigpt)   | [Your text, my emojis, and a dash of humor!](./Day-5-EmojiGPT.md) |
| 4    | <img src="./assets/4/GlobalRankings.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Global Rankings](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-Far90gjfq-global-rankings) | [Ranks websites globally](./Day-4-Global-Rankings.md)        |
| 3    | <img src="./assets/3/Synonym-Suggester-0301.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [Synonym Suggester](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-xC0y77yRg-synonym-suggester) | [I find the perfect synonym for any word!](./Day-3-Synonym-Suggester.md) |
| 2    | <img src="./assets/2/AntonymGPT_0130.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [AntonymGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-NyfhqK9Ar-antonymgpt) | [Ask me for antonyms, expect a witty reply!](./Day-2-AntonymGPT.md) |
| 1    | <img src="./assets/1/AbbreviationGPT_312.png" width="96" height="96" style="border-radius:50%"> | [AbbreviationGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-rtsSizas5-abbreviationgpt) | [I decipher and create abbreviations. I use a friendly tone and humor. Emojis add fun. Perfect for students, professionals, the curious.](./Day-1-AbbreviationGPT.md) |

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
