
# Guidance on Amortization of Specified Research or Experimental Expenditures under Section 174

Notice 2023-63

...

## SECTION 6. RESEARCH PERFORMED UNDER CONTRACT

### .5 Example.

The following example illustrates the rules set forth in section 6 of this notice.

#### (1) Facts.

Company C engages Company D, a contractor located in the United States, to develop an SRE product for use in Company C’s trade or business. The activities undertaken by Company D are undertaken upon Company C’s order, and Company D makes no performance guarantees with respect to the SRE product.

Company C will pay Company D a fixed sum of $25,000 plus an amount equivalent to Company D’s actual expenditures. Company D does not have any right to use or otherwise exploit any resulting SRE product. In 2023, Company D incurs $125,000 of expenditures to successfully develop the product in the United States, and Company C pays to Company D $150,000 pursuant to the terms of the contract.

#### (2) Analysis.

Under section 6.04 of this notice, Company D may not treat the $125,000 of expenditures it incurs to develop the SRE product on behalf of Company C as SRE expenditures under § 174 because (i) Company D does not bear financial risk, and (ii) Company D does not have any right to use or otherwise exploit any resulting SRE product. Under section 6.03 of this notice, the $150,000 paid by Company C is an amount paid to another party for research or experimentation undertaken on Company C’s behalf under § 1.174-2(a)(10) and (b)(3) and is thus an SRE expenditure under section 4.02(2) of this notice. The applicable § 174 amortization period is 5 years (60 months) because the research is performed by Company D in the United States.

Company C’s location is not relevant for determination of the applicable § 174 amortization period.


