
# Guidance on Amortization of Specified Research or Experimental Expenditures under Section 174

Notice 2023-63

...

## SECTION 9. COST SHARING REGULATIONS AT § 1.482-7

...

### .4 Examples.

The examples provided below illustrate the anticipated revisions to § 1.482-7(j)(3)(i).

#### (1) Example 1.

##### (a) Facts.

U.S. Parent (USP) and its wholly owned Foreign Subsidiary (FS) form a CSA to develop a miniature widget, the Small R. Based on RAB shares, USP agrees to bear 40% and FS agrees to bear 60% of the IDCs incurred during the term of the agreement. USP incurs $100,000 of IDCs to perform research in the United States annually and FS incurs $100,000 of IDCs to perform research in country X annually.

USP’s IDCs are required under U.S. Federal income tax rules to be charged to capital account and amortized ratably over the 5-year applicable § 174 amortization period beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred, and FS’s IDCs incurred in country X are required under U.S. Federal income tax rules to be charged to capital account and amortized ratably over the 15-year

applicable § 174 amortization period beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred.

##### (b) Analysis.

Of the total IDCs of $200,000, USP’s share is $80,000 ($200,000 × 40%) and FS’s share is $120,000 ($200,000 × 60%) so that FS must make a payment to USP of $20,000 ($120,000 – $100,000). The CST Payment reduces USP’s IDCs in the United States that are required to be charged to capital account by $20,000.

Accordingly, USP is required to charge $80,000 to capital account, all of which is required to be amortized over 5 years, while FS is required to charge $120,000 to capital account, $100,000 of which is required to be amortized over 15 years, and $20,000 of which is required to be amortized over 5 years.

#### (2) Example 2.

##### (a) Facts.

The facts are the same as in Example 1, except that the $100,000 of IDCs borne by USP consist of (1) $5,000 of IDCs incurred by USP in the United States that are required to be charged to capital account and amortized ratably over the 5-year applicable § 174 amortization period beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred, (2) $5,000 of deductible IDCs, and (3) $90,000 of arm’s length rental charge, as described in § 1.482-7(d)(1)(iii), for the use of USP’s facility in the United States.

##### (b) Analysis.

As in Example 1, of the total IDCs of $200,000, USP’s share is $80,000 and FS’s share is $120,000, so that FS must make a payment to USP of $20,000. The $20,000 CST Payment from FS to USP will first be treated as reducing the $5,000 of IDCs that are required to be charged to capital account and the $5,000 of deductible IDCs pro rata to the extent of FS’s RAB share of such IDCs. Because the IDCs required to be charged to capital account make up 50% of the combined amount of IDCs chargeable to capital account and the deductible IDCs directly borne by USP (i.e., $5,000 = 50% × $10,000), and because FS’s RAB share of the total amount of IDCs in both categories is $6,000 (i.e., 60% × $10,000), $3,000 of the $20,000 CST Payment reduces USP’s IDCs chargeable to capital account, $3,000 of the CST Payment reduces USP’s deductible IDCs, and the remaining $14,000 ($20,000 – $6,000) of the CST Payment is treated as income.

#### (3) Example 3.

##### (a) Facts.

The facts are the same as in Example 1, except that the $100,000 of IDCs borne by USP consist of (1) $15,000 of IDCs incurred by USP in the United States that are required to be charged to capital account and amortized ratably over the 5-year applicable § 174 amortization period beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred, (2) $45,000 of deductible IDCs, and (3) $40,000 of arm's length rental charge, as described in § 1.482-7(d)(1)(iii), for the use of USP’s facility in the United States.

##### (b) Analysis.

As in Example 1, of the total IDCs of $200,000, USP’s share is $80,000 and FS’s share is $120,000, so that FS must make a payment to USP of $20,000. The $20,000 CST Payment from FS to USP will first be treated as reducing the $15,000 of IDCs that are required to be charged to capital account and the $45,000 of deductible IDCs pro rata to the extent of FS’s RAB share of such IDCs. Because the IDCs required to be charged to capital account make up 25% (that is, $15,000 / ($15,000 + $45,000)) of the combined amount of IDCs chargeable to capital account and deductible IDCs directly borne by USP, and because the deductible IDCs make up 75% (that is, $45,000 / ($15,000 + $45,000)) of the combined amount of IDCs chargeable to capital account and deductible IDCs directly borne by USP, 25% of the $20,000 CST Payment, or $5,000, reduces USP’s IDCs chargeable to capital account, and 75%, or $15,000, reduces USP’s deductible IDCs. Because all $20,000 of the CST Payment is applied against deductible IDCs directly borne by USP and IDCs incurred by USP that are chargeable to capital account, there is no amount of the CST Payment that is treated as income.

